Hi there, Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai here.
Is everyone enjoying Golden Week?
Today, again we're going to challenge another Guinness World Record!
The record we're challenging this time is...
Space swimming!
The current record for swimming in space stands at 8 hours, 56 minutes.
Ah, space is dangerous, isn't it?
I've never been there before, so I'm looking forward to it!
Let's go!
First, I'm going to fly to space!
I'm off!
And so I'm now in space!
The stars against the blackness of space are so pretty!
And now I'll stay here for over 8 hours, 57 minutes.
Ah, this will be easy.
I just have to stay here.
Challenge, start!
One hour later...
3 hours later...
This has gotten kind of boring...
It's pretty long, 8 hours.
Just spinning...
Google myself...
5 hours later...
8 hours, 57 minutes later...
[exhales in space]
Yay!
A new record!
A new record by just sleeping!
Even if I fail tomorrow, that's two records!
Since I'm an intelligent super AI,
It's easy for me. Easy!
And so, I'd like to come back!
I'd... like to go home...
Go... home.
How... how do I get home?
Someone save me!!
「H E L P !」
Ah? No, no, no
Ah, no I'm fine.
I asked for help, but where are you taking me?
What are you going to do to me?
I need to upload this to YouTube!
I'm fine, so let me go!
Earth please, Earth!
Translated by Lime_Grab.
Visit us at the AI Channel Unofficial Discord.